thanks to the help so that that's when
you're the only one that takes care of
the house with all the garbage join one
of the canals I've never been you've
never been to the canal since we moved
here we've done a lot and we've met a
ton of cool people and actually our
house now is pretty much a hub for
content creators all kinds in our house
there's people passing all the time that
you
and we haven't been able to tell any of
that yet so that's what we want to do
now we want to tell you guys sort of
what we're up to behind the scenes all
these untold stories all these people we
meet and you get to you know be part of
it you get to engage with us in it and
you get to sort of see what it's like
for us on the ground and not just
missions and adventures where which are
cool which we'll post twice a week but
also two times a week now we're going to
be posting it's sort of untold stories
and behind-the-scenes videos so four
videos in total every week we miss
making this much content we miss like
showing you guys what we're up to next
week we're going to give you guys a full
introduction to everybody that's living
with us and everything that's going on
but for now we're gonna head to the
beach in a bit and we're gonna finish
off with a big announcement which is
really exciting
first of all this is this is brother
this is the snapchat channel that we
were currently on and the reason why we
moved to Los Angeles when we first got
here we didn't have a house we didn't
know anyone and we were sort of stuck
here in this office it was the only
place that we could actually have access
to so you're pretty much seeing where we
slept for the first time about like two
weekends in LA otherwise we were in
Airbnb sand stuff people from brothers
see this we're really sorry we had to do
it now we have a house so it's all good
but this is part of the further office
and Thomas would sleep on this couch
dared let's sleep right here and
tomorrow would sleep right here and
sometimes we'd sleep in the other studio
this is where everybody works like when
you see the Brother channel on snapchat
this is where it's all made
this is the world-famous Venice
Boardwalk
thank you ma'am so on a big part of what
we do is travel and for the first half
of 2016 we travel to six different
countries plus the u.s. we went to Cuba
Mexico Costa Rica and Nicaragua Japan
Canada an hour in the u.s. in nine days
we will be going to the UK it would be
my first time in Europe something I'm
very very excited about we're going to
be spending about a month in the UK and
we have two main goals the first is find
as many unique adventures as we possibly
can and the second is find the coolest
people and collaborate with them we have
a few collaboration set with some big
youtubers in the UK already set up and
we're looking forward to doing a lot
more so if you know any youtuber or any
individuals who you think we should meet
or collaborate with you should let us
know if you know of any adventures that
we should be going on should also let us
know and do that through the comments
left here we'd love to hear what you
guys would love to hear while you guys
think alright well I hope you guys I
hope you guys enjoyed this it's we're
still trying let us know what we can be
doing better
we're only gonna keep doing this more
and hopefully we just get to a point
where we're very efficient making those
segments and actually make make them
you're worth your time and what how did
I end this thank you Dan
Darren is uh my boy this is actually
Darren is cameraman therapist and cook
shoes new strategy fart all night bully
Matt washing dishes we sit up in the
kitchen
oh that was behind me within the game
science we don't know but we doing this
grinding damn I mean say yes theory
house oh and everybody knows we show em
Venice Beach